add preview docs for dev graphs (#27)
apollographql/apollo-studio-community: DevGraphs.md

# Preview: Dev Graphs

> We have wanted to make Studio's tools helpful to folks during local development for a long time. Up until now, Studio has largely been tailored to work with graphs already running in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have wanted to make Apollo Studio helpful to folks during local development for a long time. Up until now, Apollo Studio has largely been tailored to work with graphs already running in production.
```

> Dev Graphs are **a new type of graph** that users can create in Studio. They have special properties that have been optimized for development-time concerns.

Reviewer: We should be consistent in capitalization -- probably better to go with it not being a proper noun.
```suggestion
Dev graphs are **a new type of graph** that users can create in Studio. They have special properties that have been optimized for development-time concerns.
```

> ### Dev Graph Properties

Reviewer: Could maybe shorten this list if you want -- 1 and 3 could be collapsed, 2 and 5 could be collapsed.

- Dev graphs are set up and kept up-to-date with schema introspection.
- Dev graphs are unique to you –– only you can see and use the dev graphs you create.
- Dev graphs watch for changes to your server so they can update themselves near-instantaneously when your schema changes.
- Dev graphs are transient and can be considered "disposable" in your workflow (e.g. you could make a dev graph per branch).
- Dev graphs are sandboxes that are safe to experiment with, and completely separate from your other graphs in Studio.

> - Every tool in dev graphs is completely free to use, and always will be.

Reviewer: We _might_ want to avoid "always" here until we finalize the merchandising.

> Dev graphs contain a subset of Studio's full feature set right now:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dev graphs offer a subset of the features of Apollo Studio:
```

- Explorer
- Schema Reference
- Schema Changelog

> We will be introducing more of Studio's tools for regular graphs to dev graphs over time as we add support for local development to those features.

Reviewer: I think we could skip saying this for now - let's see if people ask for that, but no reason to make promises here.

### Intended Use

We intend for folks to use dev graphs when running their servers locally to spike out changes to their schema and test their endpoints.

Imagine your server printing on startup:

```
🚀  Server is running!
📭  Query at https://studio.apollographql.com/dev
🔉  Listening at http://localhost:4000/
```

> You follow the link to https://studio.apollographql.com/dev to query your localhost with [Apollo's Explorer](https://www.apollographql.com/blog/introducing-the-apollo-explorer/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You follow the link to https://studio.apollographql.com/dev to query your localhost with [Apollo Explorer](https://www.apollographql.com/blog/introducing-the-apollo-explorer/):
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5922187/94214674-0243d600-fe8f-11ea-9e3b-b08fe7facc90.png)

### On Our Minds

We aim to make dev graphs especially easy to use with Apollo Server, and will probably be considering a closer integration with Apollo Server over time.

> We also aim to make more of Studio's tools for regular graphs available in dev graphs as we figure out how those tools should work in a local development workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also aim to make more of the production tools in Apollo Studio available for dev graphs as we figure out in the future and invite feedback on how you'd want to use them in your development flow.
```

> ### Share Your Thoughs Please Please Please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### We want to hear from you! Share your thoughts
```
